README.md, before:

# OpenRTX
## Modular Open Source Radio Firmware

OpenRTX is a free and open source firmware for digital ham radios, top-down designed
with modularity, flexibility and performance in mind.

Currently OpenRTX is being actively developed for the following radios:

- TYT MD-380/390
- TYT MD-UV380/390
- TYT MD-9600
- Radioddity GD77 and Baofeng DM-1801

This firmware is *highly experimental* and currently under development, this means
that it may not have all the expected functionalities. Contributions and testing
are anyway warmly welcome and accepted!

For information on currently supported radios and features, see the [Supported Platforms](https://openrtx.org/#/platforms) page on our website.

For hardware and software documentation visit [openrtx.org](https://openrtx.org/)

## Compiling and flashing

**Warning: read the Disclaimer section first!**

For instructions on how to compile and flash OpenRTX to your radio,
or just run OpenRTX on Linux see the [Compilation instructions](https://openrtx.org/#/compiling) page on our website.


On TYT MD-3x0 and MD-UV3x0 you can flash our firmware using tarxvf's web based flashing tool.

- Download the latest OpenRTX release for your radio from [the releases page](https://github.com/OpenRTX/OpenRTX/releases).
- Connect your radio to the PC, put it in DFU mode (turn off, turn on pressing PTT and the button just above).
- On linux, macOS and Android, open Chrome/Chromium and navigate to [dmr.tools](https://dmr.tools),
- Click on "Upgrade", then "Connect Radio(s)", under "Select firmware file" choose "Upload from my computer",
- Click on "Choose File", select the latest OpenRTX release you downloaded before, and click on "Upgrade Radio".
- Reboot your radio


If you want to try the latest available firmware and you do not want to go
through all the compilation process, Phil DF5PMF kindly provides nightly builds
of the master branch [here](https://openrtx.schinken-radio.de/nightly/).

## Disclaimer

This project was created for research and amateur radio use only, we are not
responsible for improper uses of this code which might lead to unauthorized
transmission, reception or patent infringments.

The OpenRTX firmware is released WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY: anyone flashing a binary
image obtained from the sources made available through this repository does it
at its own risk. We always test all the code on our devices before publishing it
on the repository, however we cannot guarantee the absolute absence of bugs and
potential side effects.

## Screenshots
<img src="assets/splash.gif" width="200" height="auto">

## Contact

To reach out, come to our [M17 Reflector](https://m17.openrtx.org) or into our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/TbR2FVtMya).

## Donate

To support the development of OpenRTX you can make us a donation using [Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/OpenRTX/donate). \
If you want to donate some hardware to facilitate OpenRTX porting and development, [contact us](https://github.com/OpenRTX/OpenRTX#contact).

## License

This software is released under the GNU GPL v3.

minmea is released under the DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE v2.

Code for STM32F405 USB driver is released under the MCD-ST Liberty SW License Agreement V2.

## Credits

OpenRTX was created by:

- Niccolò Izzo IU2KIN <n@izzo.sh>
- Silvano Seva IU2KWO <silseva@fastwebnet.it>
- Federico Amedeo Izzo IU2NUO <federico@izzo.pro>
- Frederik Saraci IU2NRO <frederik.saraci@gmail.com>

All this was made possible by the huge reverse engineering effort of Travis Goodspeed and all the contributors of [md380tools](https://github.com/travisgoodspeed/md380tools).

A huge thank goes to Roger Clark, and his [OpenGD77](https://github.com/rogerclarkmelbourne/OpenGD77) which not only inspired this project, but as a precursor, provided a working code example for the GD77 radio family.

A warm thank you goes to SP5WWP and the [M17](https://m17project.org) community for bringing their libre protocol into our obscure undocumented hardware.

Also thank you for donating hardware to the project:
* M17 Project
* laurivosandi

And thanks to everyone who donated via [LiberaPay](https://liberapay.com/OpenRTX/donate).

Commit message:

Rename OpenRTX UI from `ui` to `main_ui`. Import Mayhem UI classes (commit dfa7dfb0243dea89920bf57e71b6f8db244b2d18)

README.md, after:

# OpenRTX
## Modular Open Source Radio Firmware

OpenRTX is a free and open source firmware for digital ham radios, top-down designed
with modularity, flexibility and performance in mind.

Currently OpenRTX is being actively developed for the following radios:

- TYT MD-380/390
- TYT MD-UV380/390
- TYT MD-9600
- Radioddity GD77 and Baofeng DM-1801

This firmware is *highly experimental* and currently under development, this means
that it may not have all the expected functionalities. Contributions and testing
are anyway warmly welcome and accepted!

For information on currently supported radios and features, see the [Supported Platforms](https://openrtx.org/#/platforms) page on our website.

For hardware and software documentation visit [openrtx.org](https://openrtx.org/)

## Compiling and flashing

**Warning: read the Disclaimer section first!**

For instructions on how to compile and flash OpenRTX to your radio,
or just run OpenRTX on Linux see the [Compilation instructions](https://openrtx.org/#/compiling) page on our website.


On TYT MD-3x0 and MD-UV3x0 you can flash our firmware using tarxvf's web based flashing tool.

- Download the latest OpenRTX release for your radio from [the releases page](https://github.com/OpenRTX/OpenRTX/releases).
- Connect your radio to the PC, put it in DFU mode (turn off, turn on pressing PTT and the button just above).
- On linux, macOS and Android, open Chrome/Chromium and navigate to [dmr.tools](https://dmr.tools),
- Click on "Upgrade", then "Connect Radio(s)", under "Select firmware file" choose "Upload from my computer",
- Click on "Choose File", select the latest OpenRTX release you downloaded before, and click on "Upgrade Radio".
- Reboot your radio


If you want to try the latest available firmware and you do not want to go
through all the compilation process, Phil DF5PMF kindly provides nightly builds
of the master branch [here](https://openrtx.schinken-radio.de/nightly/).

## Disclaimer

This project was created for research and amateur radio use only, we are not
responsible for improper uses of this code which might lead to unauthorized
transmission, reception or patent infringments.

The OpenRTX firmware is released WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY: anyone flashing a binary
image obtained from the sources made available through this repository does it
at its own risk. We always test all the code on our devices before publishing it
on the repository, however we cannot guarantee the absolute absence of bugs and
potential side effects.

## Screenshots
<img src="assets/splash.gif" width="200" height="auto">

## Contact

To reach out, come to our [M17 Reflector](https://m17.openrtx.org) or into our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/TbR2FVtMya).

## Donate

To support the development of OpenRTX you can make us a donation using [Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/OpenRTX/donate). \
If you want to donate some hardware to facilitate OpenRTX porting and development, [contact us](https://github.com/OpenRTX/OpenRTX#contact).

## License

This software is released under the GNU GPL v3.

minmea is released under the DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE v2.

Code for STM32F405 USB driver is released under the MCD-ST Liberty SW License Agreement V2.

OpenRTX is using the UI classes from [PortaPack Mayhem](https://github.com/eried/portapack-mayhem.git), commit dfa7dfb0243dea89920bf57e71b6f8db244b2d18\
PortaPack Mayhem is released under the GNU GPL v3.

## Credits

OpenRTX was created by:

- Niccolò Izzo IU2KIN <n@izzo.sh>
- Silvano Seva IU2KWO <silseva@fastwebnet.it>
- Federico Amedeo Izzo IU2NUO <federico@izzo.pro>
- Frederik Saraci IU2NRO <frederik.saraci@gmail.com>

All this was made possible by the huge reverse engineering effort of Travis Goodspeed and all the contributors of [md380tools](https://github.com/travisgoodspeed/md380tools).

A huge thank goes to Roger Clark, and his [OpenGD77](https://github.com/rogerclarkmelbourne/OpenGD77) which not only inspired this project, but as a precursor, provided a working code example for the GD77 radio family.

A warm thank you goes to SP5WWP and the [M17](https://m17project.org) community for bringing their libre protocol into our obscure undocumented hardware.

Also thank you for donating hardware to the project:
* M17 Project
* laurivosandi

And thanks to everyone who donated via [LiberaPay](https://liberapay.com/OpenRTX/donate).
